fix inline mapping hashing and serialization (#553)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/bottle-water-coffe.md

---
'@finos/legend-graph': patch
---

> Fix `inline` relational property mapping's hashing and serialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a problem with hash computation and serialization of `inline` relational property mapping
```
